OEP-21: updated date guidance (#404)
openedx/open-edx-proposals: oeps/processes/oep-0021-proc-deprecation.rst

Timeline
--------

To communicate a proposed removal, you will need to determine the *earliest*
Open edX named release that could no longer have the removed functionality.

> Choosing the earliest named release where removal could be complete is the

Reviewer: Minor quibble on the wording: The consumers of DEPR announcements are often less interested in the earliest date that the feature could be *completely* removed (all code and associated resources deleted, etc) and more interested in the earliest date that any bit of it could stop working.
```suggestion
Choosing the earliest named release where functionality could be removed
```

> Choosing the earliest named release where removal could be complete is the

Reviewer 2: Do we already have all predefined names for the upcoming releases? Or we could add a letter reference instead of a name, like `T - named` release?

Author: Thanks @idegtiarov. I had done exactly what you mentioned in the help text in the template: https://github.com/openedx/.github/blob/a4b31ac53192e60b82ac79d70e708738187c43a6/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/depr-ticket.yml. I can add a note here as well. I can also clarify that we'll use the CUT dates.

Author: @idegtiarov @kdmccormic: Would you be up for reviewing the latest commit related to this comment thread? https://github.com/openedx/open-edx-proposals/pull/404/commits/a4e84a73aa71156656b17227fbacda469227be93. Note that the template also has a help message that includes more specific examples, as noted in my last comment.

Reviewer: Looks good to me @robrap 👍🏻

Author: Thanks.

#. When writing the ticket, include the following information:

>    #. **Title**: The title of the ticket should read "[DEPR]: <technology name being

Reviewer: Thanks for cleaning up this section.
